구르미 그린 달빛(Moonlight Drawn by Clouds)
Sang by GUMMY
Translated by POP!GASA (Popgasa.com)
You don"t have to say it but i know
There"s only one person in you
And that"s me
In case you notice my trembling heart
I couldn't event breath loudly
That was me
I had so much fear, I only hid
But when you call out my love
I will have courage and look
On a frozen flower petal
I will place you
In the blowing wind
On the day you come to me
So you won"t just pass me by
I"m only looking at you
Without anyone knowing,it grew
In case you noticed
I was so nervous
I had so much fear i only hid
But when you call out my love
On a frozen flower petal
I will place you
In the blowing wind
On the day you come to me
So you wont just pass me by i will pray
I wont hesitate anymore
If it's you. i can go anywhere
The person who believed in me, though i lacked
I will protect this love next to you
When my love calls out to you
Will you have courage?
On a frozen flower petal, i will place you
In the blowing wind,on the day you  come to me
So you wont just me by
I"m only looking at you.